Weekly Attendance Report/Weekly_Attendance_Report_121119.md, before:

KIPP Chicago Regional Attendance Report
========================================================
Week of June 10, 2013
--------------------------------------------------------

### Attendance













#### Daily Enrollment and Attendance by School (last 20 weeks)
The greeen line demarcates 95% of enrollment (i.e., our regional daily attendance goal).
<img src="figure/fig_Daily_Attendence.png" width="1050" height="450"  alt="plot of chunk fig_Daily_Attendence" title="plot of chunk fig_Daily_Attendence" /> 


#### Weekly & YTD Attendance by School
<img src="figure/tbl_Weekly_Attendance.png" width="400"   alt="plot of chunk tbl_Weekly_Attendance" title="plot of chunk tbl_Weekly_Attendance" /> 


#### Student Attendance 
![plot of chunk Student_Attendence](figure/Student_Attendence.png) 



### Suspensions


#### Total YTD Suspensions by School & by Week
![plot of chunk tbl_Suspensions](figure/tbl_Suspensions.png) 

#### YTD Students Suspended (ordered by number of suspensions)
![plot of chunk tbl_Suspensions_Leaderboard](figure/tbl_Suspensions_Leaderboard.png) 

#### Students Suspended, Previous 4 Weeks (ordered by number of suspensions)

```
## Error: negative extents to matrix
```

Commit message:

Major updates to Weekly Attendence Report in prep for a web based report.  Currenlty setting up workflow to allow knitting of data to create headless, styless html pages that are then server-side injected into html containers for display.

Weekly Attendance Report/Weekly_Attendance_Report_121119.md, after:

KIPP Chicago Regional Attendance Report
========================================================
Week of June 10, 2013
--------------------------------------------------------

### Attendance



```
## Error: there is no package called 'RODBC'
```






```
## Error: invalid 'labels'; length 48 should be 1 or 41
```

```
## Error: invalid 'labels'; length 48 should be 1 or 41
```


```
## Error: names do not match previous names
```


#### Daily Enrollment and Attendance by School (last 20 weeks)
The greeen line demarcates 95% of enrollment (i.e., our regional daily attendance goal).
<img src="figure/fig_Daily_Attendence.png" title="plot of chunk fig_Daily_Attendence" alt="plot of chunk fig_Daily_Attendence" width="1050" height="450" style="display: block; margin: auto;" />


#### Weekly & YTD Attendance by School
<img src="figure/tbl_Weekly_Attendance.png" title="plot of chunk tbl_Weekly_Attendance" alt="plot of chunk tbl_Weekly_Attendance" width="400" style="display: block; margin: auto auto auto 0;" />


#### Student Attendance 
<img src="figure/Student_Attendence.png" title="plot of chunk Student_Attendence" alt="plot of chunk Student_Attendence" style="display: block; margin: auto;" />



### Suspensions


#### Total YTD Suspensions by School & by Week
<img src="figure/tbl_Suspensions.png" title="plot of chunk tbl_Suspensions" alt="plot of chunk tbl_Suspensions" style="display: block; margin: auto;" />

#### YTD Students Suspended (ordered by number of suspensions)
<img src="figure/tbl_Suspensions_Leaderboard.png" title="plot of chunk tbl_Suspensions_Leaderboard" alt="plot of chunk tbl_Suspensions_Leaderboard" style="display: block; margin: auto;" />

#### Students Suspended, Previous 4 Weeks (ordered by number of suspensions)
<img src="figure/tbl_Suspension_most_recent_week.png" title="plot of chunk tbl_Suspension_most_recent_week" alt="plot of chunk tbl_Suspension_most_recent_week" style="display: block; margin: auto;" />
